[Workers] workers.dev routes update (#1789)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/workers/src/content/platform/environments.md

#### Publishing to *.workers.dev

> `*.workers.dev` allows you to deploy your Workers script [without a registered Cloudflare domain](https://blog.cloudflare.com/announcing-workers-dev/). To claim a `*.workers.dev` subdomain, select the **Workers** icon on your account home, or **Workers** then **Manage Workers** on your zone's dashboard, and begin setup on the right side of the Workers dashboard under **Your subdomain**.

Author: ```suggestion
Your `*.workers.dev` subdomain allows you to deploy Workers scripts [without attaching a custom domain as a Cloudflare zone](https://blog.cloudflare.com/announcing-workers-dev/). To claim a `*.workers.dev` subdomain, such as `my-subdomain.workers.dev`, select the **Workers** icon on your account home, or **Workers** then **Manage Workers** on your zone's dashboard, and begin setup on the right side of the Workers dashboard under **Your subdomain**.
```

> `*.workers.dev` allows you to deploy your Workers script [without a registered Cloudflare domain](https://blog.cloudflare.com/announcing-workers-dev/). To claim a `*.workers.dev` subdomain, select the **Workers** icon on your account home, or **Workers** then **Manage Workers** on your zone's dashboard, and begin setup on the right side of the Workers dashboard under **Your subdomain**.

Author: ```suggestion
`*.workers.dev` allows you to deploy your Workers script [without a registered Cloudflare domain](https://blog.cloudflare.com/announcing-workers-dev/). To claim a `*.workers.dev` subdomain, such as `my-subdomain.workers.dev`, select the **Workers** icon on your account home, or **Workers** then **Manage Workers** on your zone's dashboard, and begin setup on the right side of the Workers dashboard under **Your subdomain**.
```
